This thing doesn't work
I don't know how many people have used it
Unhygienic? That's a small goal.
Don't you dare throw it away?
Tell me your problem.
Send so many things and let me go back to preside over the big picture
Am I such a shallow person?
Only then?
I want to exchange my capital for this junk
Did you know that your own hands are priceless?
Your four families have been in business for so many years
I think you should be self-sufficient.
There's no need to ask me back, you know?
But the young master
The old master still wants
But what?
That old man doesn't know where to run away
I'm not even here alone as a coolie
You
Just keep your own one-third acre of land.
I'm having a good time here
Let's not interfere with each other
Young Master, since you want to stay here
Of course we can't interfere.
However, young master
Is it the banquet tomorrow? Do you think so?
Please host it yourself
I will go to the banquet tomorrow
But let me tell you something.
Without my permission
No one is allowed to expose my business
All right,all right, all right
Okay, sir, I'm going back to sleep
Young Master, please walk slowly
Tomorrow's order can only be given to Lin Shishi, do you know?
Don't worry about the young master's withdrawal.